java c2ENO20-AT1-T2Stage 2 EconomicsAssessment Type 1: Folio TaskTask 2: Microeconomics — Market StructuresPurposeStudents assess and analyse different market structures in the real world using economic analysis and theory. They analyse how different market structures benefit and disadvantage both consumers and producers differently using real world examples.Description of AssessmentStudents must work by themselves and investigate 3 different market structures at the minimum. Students must choose from perfect competition, monopolistic competition, oligopoly and monopoly. Students should analyse the characteristics of each market structure and determine their impact in the real world. Students must find a real world example of a business in each market structure and analyse how both consumers and producers interact with market. Students should research the impact on both producers and consumers in their real world examples. Students may assess market failures which arise from some market structures.TaskChoose 3 different market structures from perfect competition, monopolistic competition, oligopoly and monopoly.Market structures range on a scale based on competitiveness.With every market structure you choose, you will also need to find a real world example for each structure. For example, gas/electric/utility companies, steel manufacturers, grocery store brands, oil companies, hair salons, clothing companies, coffee shops, farmers’ markets.You must explain how these market structures can be differentiated. What are the characteristics of each structure. How do both consumers and producers both interact with the market. What benefits and disadvantages are there for both the consumer and producer in the market.Using the context of your real world example, find data and evidence to support your claims of how consumer and producers both have advantages and disadvantages in the market structure. Consumers and producers are looking for different things when they engage in a market. For example, consumers ideally want the lowest price for a good quality product. Producers ideally would like to make the most profit, as well as other objectives.Additionally, you may also consider potential market failures which occur under certain market structures.ResearchIn your essay you should include information and data on how in your real world example, how has the market structure has affected both the consumer and producer. For example, in a monopoly structure, perhaps find data on consumer satisfaction in the market. Find data on the quality of the product or the rate of technological innovation.FormatYour report should be a maximum of 1200 words or the 7 minutes maximum multimodal equivalent. It must contain data (extensive data may be included in an appendix if needed) and economic models to support your analysis.This is a general guideline for the format of this assessment. This isn’t a requirement, only a suggestion. You have freedom to approach the assessment in a different style. or format as long as you adequately cover all the requirements.Assessment ConditionsStudents are to individually present a 1200 word essay or a maximum 7 minute multimodal equivalent.Assessment代 写2ENO20-AT1-T2 Microeconomics — Market StructuresMatlab 代做程序编程语言 Design CriteriaU 1     Understanding of economic concepts, principles, and models in a variety of contexts.Ap 1,2,3     Application of communication skills in an economic contextAE 1  Analysis of a range of economic data, models and principlesPerformance Standards — Stage 2 Economics-UnderstandingApplicationAnalysis and EvaluationA Deep and broad understanding of economic concepts, principles, and models Highly effective application of economic concepts, principles, and models in a variety of contexts. Highly effective application of communication skills in economic contexts. Highly effective application of economic thinking to construct well-reasoned arguments and make insightful recommendations. Astute analysis of a range of data and other information using economic concepts, principles, and models. Comprehensive analysis and evaluation of the intended and unintended consequences of economic decisions.B Well-developed understanding of economic concepts, principles, and models. Mostly effective application of economic concepts, principles, and models in a variety of contexts. Mostly effective application of communication skills in economic contexts. Mostly effective application of economic thinking to construct reasoned arguments and make thoughtful recommendations. Well-considered analysis of a range of data and other information using economic concepts, principles, and models. Well-considered analysis and evaluation of the intended and unintended consequences of economic decisions.C Adequate understanding of economic concepts, principles, and models. Generally effective application of economic concepts, principles, and models in a variety of contexts. Generally effective application of communication skills in economic contexts. Generally effective application of economic thinking to construct arguments and make recommendations. Considered analysis of a range of data and other information using economic concepts, principles, and models. Considered analysis and evaluation of the intended and unintended consequences of economic decisions.D Basic understanding of economic concepts, principles, and models. Some application of economic concepts, principles, and models. Some application of communication skills in economic contexts. Some application of economic thinking to construct some arguments and recommendations. Some analysis of data and other information using economic concepts, principles, and models. Some analysis and evaluation of the intended and/or unintended consequences of economic decisions.E Limited understanding of one or more economic concepts, principles, and models. Attempted application of one or more economic concepts, principles, and models. Attempted application of communication skills in an economic context. Attempted application of economic thinking to make one or more arguments and/or recommendations. Attempted analysis of data and other information using economic concepts, principles, or models. Attempted analysis and evaluation of an intended and/or unintended consequence of an economic decision.

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
